A poem
the right thing to do.
Worries are like a sword,
and diseases are like a dagger.
The red of evidence,
no matter how much you care.
If you complain to those who have a good time,
your eyes will boil,
and those you complain to will be sad.
And if you complain to those who complain to you,
you make them happy.
You add a wound to your wound,
and it's called regret.
Did the media one day free your country?
Or is torture an alternative to death?
Whoever has luck,
turns off his eyes of concern.
Luck has no eyes if you don't see its eyes.
How many have I betrayed,
with whom I gave him my trust,
and forced me to leave him in distress.
How many have I become a bridge for those I loved,
and he walked on my shoulders,
and how many have I trampled on his feet,
and he broke my heart.
And the heart was his home,
and with the death of a weakling,
it has no value.
Neither the despair of my clothes,
nor the diseases break me.
nor the sorrows break me.
My wound is stubborn,
and the fire is burning.
Drink your tears,
drink your tears,
and drink once honey.
The candles are burning,
and they are smiling.
And stick your nose,
and rub its back with a brush,
and be like a sword,
if the shields are broken.
The justice of the earth is in the hands of the Lord,
and the justice on earth is not justice,
nor is it a sin.
So good is a carrier,
and a seller.
Good is a destroyer,
and evil is a wolf,
and all the devils
are running around
to reassure the wolf
that the sun is not set.
Be a beast,
and be a lion without a hand.
You see the delicacies under your hands,
you are full.
So the money is a gift,
like gold.
It has what the nations pray for in all their languages,
and the strong ones are the tyrants.
It is a pharaoh,
and most people are under its throne.
So be a servant to Allah.
Your complaint is my complaint.
O you who are full of pain,
their blood did not flow on the mountains,
their blood flowed.
And who is but Allah,
we are strong under his chest,
and we seek help from him.
And we hold on.
Be a philosopher.
You see that everyone here
is fighting against a non-existence,
and they are non-existent.